[IMP] sales: update get signature to validate for 16 (#5434)
odoo/documentation: content/applications/sales/sales/send_quotations/get_signature_to_validate.rst

Online signatures for order confirmations
=========================================

The Odoo *Sales* application provides customers with the ability to confirm orders, via an online
signature, directly on the sales order. Once the sales order is electronically signed by the
customer, the salesperson attached to the sales order is instantly notified that the order is
confirmed.

Activate online signatures
==========================

> In order to have customers confirm orders with an online signature, the *Online Signature* **must**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to have customers confirm orders with an online signature, the *Online Signature* feature **must**
```

be activated.

To activate the *Online Signature* feature, go to :menuselection:`Sales app --> Configuration -->
Settings`, scroll to the :guilabel:`Quotations & Orders` heading, and activate the :guilabel:`Online
Signature` feature by checking the box beside it.

.. image:: get_signature_to_validate/signature-setting.png
   :align: center
   :alt: The Online Signature feature option in the Settings of the Odoo Sales application.

Then, click the :guilabel:`Save` button in the top-left corner.

.. note::

>    When making a quotation template, this option is the :guilabel:`Signature` feature option,

Reviewer: Being specific about "this option" for people skimming
```suggestion
   When making a quotation template, the online signature feature is the :guilabel:`Signature` option,
```

   located in the :guilabel:`Online confirmation` field of the quotation template form.

   .. image:: get_signature_to_validate/signature-feature-quotation-template.png
      :align: center
      :alt: The Online confirmation signature option found on every quotation template in Odoo.

>    On standard quotations, this option is the :guilabel:`Signature` feature, located under the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   On standard quotations, the online signature feature is the :guilabel:`Signature` option, located under the
```

   :guilabel:`Other Info` tab of the quotation form.

   .. image:: get_signature_to_validate/signature-other-info-tab.png
      :align: center
      :alt: The online signature feature option in the Other Info tab of a quotation form in Odoo.

Order confirmations with online signatures
==========================================

> When clients access quotations in their customer portal, there's a :guilabel:`Sign & Pay` button

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When clients access quotations online through their customer portal, there's a :guilabel:`Sign & Pay` button
```

directly on the quotation.

.. image:: get_signature_to_validate/sign-and-pay-button.png
   :align: center
   :alt: The Sign and Pay button present on online quotations in Odoo Sales.

When clicked, a :guilabel:`Validate Order` pop-up window appears. In this pop-up window, the
:guilabel:`Full Name` field is auto-populated, based on the contact information in the database.

.. image:: get_signature_to_validate/validate-order-popup.png
   :align: center
   :alt: The Validate Order pop-up window for online signatures in Odoo Sales.

Then, customers have the option to enter an online signature with any of the following options:
:guilabel:`Auto`, :guilabel:`Draw`, or :guilabel:`Load`.

:guilabel:`Auto` lets Odoo automatically generate an online signature based on the information in
the :guilabel:`Full Name` field. :guilabel:`Draw` lets the customer use the cursor to create a
custom signature directly on the pop-up window. And :guilabel:`Load` lets the customer upload a
previously-created signature file from their computer.

> When they have chosen any of the three previously mentioned signature options (:guilabel:`Auto`,

Reviewer: Being specific about "they"
```suggestion
After the customer has chosen any of the three previously mentioned signature options (:guilabel:`Auto`,
```

:guilabel:`Draw`, or :guilabel:`Load`), they will click the :guilabel:`Accept & Sign` button.

When :guilabel:`Accept & Sign` is clicked, the various payment method options become available for

> them to choose from.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
them to choose from (if the *online payment* option applies to this quotation).
```

Then, when the quotation is paid and confirmed, a delivery order is automatically created (if the
Odoo *Inventory* app is installed).

.. seealso::

>    :doc:`/applications/sales/sales/send_quotations/quote_template` &
>    :doc:`/applications/sales/sales/send_quotations/get_paid_to_validate`

Reviewer: Let's put these doc links in separate paragraphs instead of having them on one line separated by "&"
```suggestion
   :doc:`/applications/sales/sales/send_quotations/quote_template`
   :doc:`/applications/sales/sales/send_quotations/get_paid_to_validate`
```

Order confirmations with online signatures
==========================================

When clients access quotations online through their customer portal, there's a :guilabel:`Sign &
Pay` button directly on the quotation.

.. image:: get_signature_to_validate/sign-and-pay-button.png
   :align: center
   :alt: The Sign and Pay button present on online quotations in Odoo Sales.

When clicked, a :guilabel:`Validate Order` pop-up window appears. In this pop-up window, the
:guilabel:`Full Name` field is auto-populated, based on the contact information in the database.

.. image:: get_signature_to_validate/validate-order-popup.png
   :align: center
   :alt: The Validate Order pop-up window for online signatures in Odoo Sales.

Then, customers have the option to enter an online signature with any of the following options:
:guilabel:`Auto`, :guilabel:`Draw`, or :guilabel:`Load`.

:guilabel:`Auto` lets Odoo automatically generate an online signature based on the information in
the :guilabel:`Full Name` field. :guilabel:`Draw` lets the customer use the cursor to create a
custom signature directly on the pop-up window. And :guilabel:`Load` lets the customer upload a

> previously-created signature file from their computer.

Reviewer 2: Do we have restrictions/guidelines for uploading a signature file? (I honestly do not know if there are restrictions and I tried uploading a dummy png file just to test in the portal and it seemed to work, so I do not know if there are any requirements or not).

Author: Great question! I don't believe we have any restrictions, nor any specific guidelines, for uploading a signature file. However, if any user leaves any comment about a potential issue they may have, I can always adapt this doc to adhere to their problem. But, given that we don't (at the moment) have anything like that to worry about, I think I can leave this as-is. But thanks for bringing this to my attention! 👍

After the customer has chosen any of the three previously mentioned signature options
(:guilabel:`Auto`, :guilabel:`Draw`, or :guilabel:`Load`), they will click the :guilabel:`Accept &
Sign` button.

When :guilabel:`Accept & Sign` is clicked, the various payment method options become available for
them to choose from (if the *online payment* option applies to this quotation).

Then, when the quotation is paid and confirmed, a delivery order is automatically created (if the
Odoo *Inventory* app is installed).

> .. seealso::
>    :doc:`/applications/sales/sales/send_quotations/quote_template`
>    :doc:`/applications/sales/sales/send_quotations/get_paid_to_validate`

Reviewer 3: Let's add bullet points to multiple items in a seealso :)
```suggestion
.. seealso::
   - :doc:`/applications/sales/sales/send_quotations/quote_template`
   - :doc:`/applications/sales/sales/send_quotations/get_paid_to_validate`
```

>    - :doc:`/applications/sales/sales/send_quotations/quote_template`
>    - :doc:`/applications/sales/sales/send_quotations/get_paid_to_validate`

Reviewer 3: Update doc paths to be relative
```suggestion
   - :doc:`quote_template`
   - :doc:`get_paid_to_validate`
```
